[DOCU-2921] Status endpoint + Kong health  check (#5419)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/production/monitoring/index.md

   UDP or TCP and sends aggregated values to one or more backend services. {{site.base_gateway}} directly supports StatsD
   with the [StatsD plugin](/hub/kong-inc/statsd/). [Monitoring with StatsD](/gateway/latest/production/monitoring/statsd/) provides a 
   step-by-step guide to enabling StatsD.

> * For HTTP health checks, use the built-in [Node Readiness Endpoint](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/production/monitoring/health-check/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For monitoring when {{site.base_gateway}} is ready to work, use the built-in [Node Readiness Endpoint](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/production/monitoring/health-check/).
```

> * For monitoring when {{site.base_gateway}} is ready to work, use the built-in [Node Readiness Endpoint](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/production/monitoring/health-check/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For monitoring when {{site.base_gateway}} is ready to work, use the built-in [Node Readiness Endpoint](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/production/monitoring/readiness-check/).
```

> * For monitoring when {{site.base_gateway}} is ready to work, use the built-in [Node Readiness Endpoint](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/production/monitoring/readiness-check/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For monitoring when {{site.base_gateway}} is ready to accept requests, use the built-in [Node Readiness Endpoint](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/production/monitoring/readiness-check/).
```
